What's up Attackers?
Nicole here with your daily MMO news for Tuesday
March 4th, exclusively from MMO Attack.com.
So I'm supposed to do a Jimmy Fallon-like
monologue here to open the show, but On today's
episode we have the battle for Lion's Arch
in Guild Wars 2, a new module in Neverwinter
and more from Blizzard's Heroes of the Storm.
Your daily XP starts now!
NCSoft and ArenaNet today released the finale
to the world story, Battle for Lion's Arch.
In what promises to be an epic moment in Guild
Wars 2 history, the community will need to
band together to engage in an epic struggle
to take back control of one of the most famous
cities in the land.
In my best movie trailer voice, "The city
of Lion's Arch has fallen victim to a surprise
attack from Scarlet Briar, and her devastating
army of dark forces.
A deadly arsenal of war machiens brought Lion's
Arch to its knees, and only the brave players
of Guild Wars 2 can return control of the
town to its rightful owners."
The battle marks the end of a storyline over
a year in the making, check it out today!
The Curse of Icewind Dale has been announced
for Perfect World Entertainment and Cryptic
Studios Neverwinter.
This is the third large-scale update to their
free to play MMO, bringing with it a ton of
new content and PvP options.
The Curse of Icewind Dale will introduce 5
new zones, 2 of which feature both PvP and
PvE content.
PvP matchmaking and leaderboards will also
debut, alongside a campaign that will see
players completing a number of objectives
for exciting new rewards.
A giant list of other updates are accompanied
in the article on MMO Attack.com.
MOBA fans from around the world are being
treated today to the second gameplay video
for the Dragon Shire map in Blizzard's Heroes
of the Storm.
In the video, Dustin and Kevin from Blizzard
walk us through a variety of changes that
were made to the map, as well as debut a number
of new champions and skins.
So what's up with this Dragon Shire map?
It's a 5v5 battle with a Dragon Knight lying
dormant in the middle.
Teams much capture two obelisks at the top
and bottom of the map to receive his power.
Obviously the Dragon Knight's power gives
you a massive power boost, and since you've
already capture the two obelisks, you're probably
already winning the battle, so I'm assuming
it's GG by now.
Take a look at the video though, it's pretty
interesting.
Thanks for watching the Daily XP.
Be sure to hit that like button and subscribe
to MMOAttack Games for Daily MMO content.
Don't forget to check out our website to get
the details on all the stories I just covered,
and send us any stories we might have missed.
See you guys tomorrow!